[DOCS-15238] Standardize Session Replay option groups (#38615)
DataDog/documentation: hugo/content/en/session_replay/_index.mdoc.md

---
title: Session Replay

> description: Learn about how to capture and visually replay your users' web browsing or mobile app experience with Session Replay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to capture and visually replay your users' web browsing or mobile app experience with Session Replay.
```

- /real_user_monitoring/session_replay/browser/
- /product_analytics/session_replay/browser
- /session_replay/mobile/
- /session_replay/mobile
- /real_user_monitoring/session_replay/mobile/
- /product_analytics/session_replay/mobile/
content_filters:
  - trait_id: platform
    option_group_id: rum_session_replay_sdk_options
    label: "SDK"
further_reading:
- link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/session-replay-datadog/'
  tag: 'Blog'
  text: 'Use Datadog Session Replay to view real-time user journeys'
- link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/reduce-customer-friction-funnel-analysis/'
  tag: 'Blog'
  text: 'Use funnel analysis to understand and optimize key user flows'
- link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/zendesk-session-replay-integration/'
  tag: 'Blog'
  text: 'Visually replay user-facing issues with Zendesk and Datadog Session Replay'
- link: '/real_user_monitoring/explorer'
  tag: 'Documentation'
  text: 'Visualize your RUM data in the Explorer'
- link: '/product_analytics/analytics_explorer'
  tag: 'Documentation'
  text: 'Visualize your Product Analytics data in the Analytics Explorer'
- link: '/integrations/content_security_policy_logs'
  tag: 'Documentation'

>   text: 'Detect and aggregate CSP violations with Datadog'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  text: 'Detect and aggregate Content Security Policy violations with Datadog'
```
I didn't see this acronym anywhere else on this page, so I thought this might be a little easier to understand

- link: "https://learn.datadoghq.com/courses/intro-to-rum"
  tag: "Learning Center"
  text: "Intro to Real User Monitoring (RUM)"

---

## Overview

> Session Replay expands your user experience monitoring by allowing you to capture and visually replay the web browsing or mobile app experience of your users. Session Replay is available in both [RUM][1] and [Product Analytics][2], helping you identify and reproduce errors, understand user journeys, and gain insights into your application's usage patterns and design pitfalls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Session Replay expands your user experience monitoring by allowing you to capture and visually replay your users' web browsing or mobile app experiences. Session Replay is available in both [RUM][1] and [Product Analytics][2], helping you identify and reproduce errors, understand user journeys, and gain insights into your application's usage patterns and design pitfalls.
```

<!-- Browser -->
{% if equals($platform, "browser") %}
## Browser Session Replay

> Browser Session Replay expands your user experience monitoring by allowing you to capture and visually replay the web browsing experience of your users. Combined with RUM performance data, Session Replay is beneficial for error identification, reproduction, and resolution, and provides insights into your web application's usage patterns and design pitfalls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browser Session Replay expands your user experience monitoring by allowing you to capture and visually replay the web browsing experience of your users, and analyze it in combination with RUM performance data.
```
I'm wondering if this makes sense? That way, we can avoid two very similarly phrased sentences between two paragraphs quite close together.

The RUM Browser SDK is [open source][3] and uses the open source [rrweb][4] project.

### How the Session Replay recorder works

> The Session Replay recorder is part of the RUM Browser SDK. The recorder takes a snapshot of the browser's DOM and CSS by tailing and recording events happening on a web page (such as DOM modification, mouse move, clicks, and input events) along with these events' timestamps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Session Replay recorder is part of the RUM Browser SDK. The recorder takes a snapshot of the browser's DOM and CSS by tailing and recording events happening on a web page (such as DOM modification, mouse move, click, and input events) along with these events' timestamps.
```
Not sure if "click" was meant to modify "events" here? Ignore me if this doesn't make sense!

Reviewer: Oops, I made it around this far before going back to the PR main page and seeing that this page doesn't contain net new content! Just checking for migration stuff from here on in 🫡

| {% img src="real_user_monitoring/session_replay/mobile/how-it-works/incremental-wireframe-disappears.mp4" alt="An example of a wireframe disappearing from the screen." video="true" /%} | If a wireframe disappears from the screen, an incremental snapshot may only include information on removed `UUIDs`. Alternatively, the snapshot could always include information about the remaining `UUIDs`. |
| {% img src="real_user_monitoring/session_replay/mobile/how-it-works/incremental-content-only.mp4" alt="An example of only the content of a wireframe changing." video="true" /%} | If only the content of a wireframe changes, an incremental update includes only the new content and the `UUID` of the altered wireframe. |

In summary, the Session Replay recorder breaks your app's screen into rectangles called wireframes. It only tracks and sends updates for the parts that change, making replays efficient and accurate.

{% alert level="info" %}

> For Session Replay, Datadog supports RUM for native iOS and Android mobile apps, but not for smart TVs or wearables.

Reviewer: Claude flagged this as an inaccuracy because it leaves out Kotlin, React, and Flutter, even though it appears when any of those are selected. It suggests either mentioning all mobile platforms, or just saying that it's not available for smart TVs or wearables, without listing out the mobile platforms. I imagine the latter might be a little easier to maintain in case we add more platforms in the future, but am happy to leave the final verdict to you!

{% /alert %}
{% /if %}
<!-- end Android, iOS, Kotlin Multiplatform, React Native, or Flutter -->

## AI-powered summaries and smart chapters

{% site-region region="gov,gov2" %}
{% alert level="danger" %}

> This feature is not supported for your selected [Datadog site]({% region-param key="dd_site_name" /%}).

Reviewer: This isn't rendering properly for me, and I don't see examples in the docs where we've hyperlinked directly to the Datadog site successfully. Other pages link to https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/ and then just list out the site name separately; that might work instead?

{% img src="real_user_monitoring/session_replay/session-replay-ai-summary.png" alt="AI-powered summary in the Session Replay player, showing user intent, key actions, friction signals, and hyperlinked moments" style="width:100%;" /%}

**Smart chapters** automatically segment the replay timeline into labeled stages of the user journey. For example, in an ecommerce session, chapters might include "Browse lighting", "Shop bedding and chairs", and "Review cart and checkout". Chapters appear when you hover over the timeline and in the dropdown on the player controls, letting you jump directly between them.

{% img src="real_user_monitoring/session_replay/session-replay-smart-chapters.png" alt="Smart chapter dropdown in the Session Replay player showing labeled stages of the user journey" style="width:100%;" /%}

AI summaries and smart chapters are generated for sessions with at least four user actions and a duration of at least 45 seconds.

## Comments

{% site-region region="gov,gov2" %}
{% alert level="danger" %}

> This feature is not supported for your selected [Datadog site]({% region-param key="dd_site_name" /%}). If you require this capability, contact [Datadog Support][6].

Reviewer: Same note as above where the link doesn't render properly. I don't think it's a Cdocs limitation?

## Playback history

You can see who has watched a given session replay by clicking the **watched** count displayed on the player page. This feature allows you to check whether someone you'd like to share the recording with has already watched it.

{% img src="real_user_monitoring/session_replay/session-replay-playback-history.png" alt="Check who has watched a session's recording" style="width:100%;" /%}

The history includes only playbacks that occurred in the player page or in an embedded player, like in a [Notebook][8] or side panel. Included playbacks also generate an [Audit Trail][9] event. Thumbnail previews are not included in history.

To view your own playback history, check out the [{% ui %}My Watch History{% /ui %}][10] playlist.

## Playlists

You can create a playlist of Session Replays to organize them by any patterns you notice. Learn more about [Session Replay Playlists][7].

{% if equals($platform, "browser") %}
## Heatmaps

Heatmaps overlay click, top elements, and scroll data on top of your Session Replay recordings, helping you understand how users interact with your pages. Learn more about [Heatmaps][12].

> {% /if %}

Reviewer: Claude points out that this conditional doesn't have a commented-out description like others do. It's definitely a little nit that doesn't change anything for users, but you might want to add them if you use them for `cmd+f` when you're looking for stuff to maintain. These pages can get so big that I always appreciate when there's a little trick I can use to make sure I didn't miss anything 🙂

## Dev Tools

Dev Tools is a built-in debugging panel in Session Replay that exposes key information during playback. Use it to identify issues, trace requests, and understand performance bottlenecks, all without reproducing the issue yourself. Dev Tools are available for [RUM][1] sessions.

Learn more about [Dev Tools][11].

[1]: /real_user_monitoring/
[2]: /product_analytics/
[3]: https://github.com/DataDog/browser-sdk
[4]: https://www.rrweb.io/

> [5]: https://github.com/DataDog/browser-sdk/blob/main/packages/rum/BROWSER_SUPPORT.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[5]: https://github.com/DataDog/browser-sdk/blob/main/packages/browser-rum/BROWSER_SUPPORT.md
```
This link 404ed when I clicked on it. Is this right?

[6]: /help/
[7]: /session_replay/playlists
[8]: /notebooks/
[9]: /account_management/audit_trail/

> [10]: /rum/replay/playlists/my-watch-history

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[10]: https://app.datadoghq.com/rum/replay/playlists/my-watch-history
```
This also 404ed. Should this be an app link instead?
